Release 0.7.3 (#126)
pepkit/pepdbagent: README.md

<h1 align="center">pepdbagent</h1>
<p align="center">

[![PEP compatible](https://pepkit.github.io/img/PEP-compatible-green.svg)](https://pep.databio.org/)
![Run pytests](https://github.com/pepkit/pepdbagent/workflows/Run%20pytests/badge.svg)
[![pypi-badge](https://img.shields.io/pypi/v/pepdbagent?color=%2334D058)](https://pypi.org/project/pepdbagent)
[![pypi-version](https://img.shields.io/pypi/pyversions/pepdbagent.svg?color=%2334D058)](https://pypi.org/project/pepdbagent)
[![Downloads](https://static.pepy.tech/badge/pepdbagent)](https://pepy.tech/project/pepdbagent)
[![Github badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/source-github-354a75?logo=github)](https://github.com/pepkit/pepdbagent)

</p>

---

**Documentation**: <a href="https://pep.databio.org" target="_blank">https://pep.databio.org</a>

**Source Code**: <a href="https://github.com/pepkit/pepdbagent" target="_blank">https://github.com/pepkit/pepdbagent</a>

---

`pepdbagent` is a Python library and toolkit that gives a user-friendly 

> interface to connect, upload, update and retrieve information from pep database. This library is designed to work 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
interface to connect, upload, update and retrieve information from the pep database. This library is designed to work 
```

> to be used by PEPhub, but it can be used for any other purpose, to manage data in pep database.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
with PEPhub, but it can be used for any other purpose.
```

> pepdbagent creates a connection to the database and creates table schemas for the PEPhub database if necessary.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`pepdbagent` creates a connection to the database and creates table schemas for the PEPhub database if necessary.
```

Core database is `postgres` database, but it can be easily extended to other relational databases.

> To use `pepdbagent`, you need to have a database instance running with it's credentials.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use `pepdbagent`, you need to have a database instance running with its credentials.
```

# Get annotations of all projects within a given namespace:
agent.annotation.get(namespace='namespace')

# Search for a project with partial string matching, either within namespace or entire database
# This returns a list of projects
agent.annotation.get(query='query')
agent.annotation.get(query='query', namespace='namespace')

# Get annotation of multiple projects given a list of registry paths
agent.annotation.get_by_rp(["namespace1/project1:tag1", "namespace2/project2:tag2"])

# By default get function will retrun annotations for public projects,
# To get annotation including private projects admin list should be provided.
# admin list means list of namespaces where user has admin rights
# For example:
agent.annotation.get(query='search_pattern', admin=['databio', 'ncbi'])
```

#### Namespace
The `.namespace` module contains search namespace functionality that helps to find namespaces in database 
and retrieve information: `number of samples`, `number of projects`.

Example:
```python
# Get info about namespace by providing query argument. Then pepdbagent will
# search for a specified pattern of namespace in database.
agent.namespace.get(query='Namespace')

> # By default all get function will retrun namespace information for public projects,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# By default all get functions will return namespace information for public projects,
```
